## Recap
### Prathana's Escapade
- After Dalinar and Alden retired for the night, Prathana crept into her locked basement and into a private chamber. For the first time in roughly 18 years, she donned her personal effects and began to reminisce about her days as a Master Harper (*see [[Harper Ranks]]*).
- Before long, this stroll down memory lane moved her to real action
	- Prathana swiftly and silently strode off towards the city on foot to inform her old cell that she was reactivating herself for a special mission.
- Upon reaching her old Harper cell, she was met with [[Taaven Swiftsword]], who was just a novice when she'd left.
- Along with him were a handful of new recruit novices and Keeper [[Cassandra Snyde]].
- Prathana updated Taven about the battle she'd had, with a recruit soiling himself listening to her regale the horrific tale.
	- Taaven told Prathana that they'd been investigating strange happenings recently as well, but no one wanted to do anything about it yet.
	- Taaven and Cassandra Snyde agreed to help Prathana
- Taven and Cassandra distracted the town guards while Prathana figured out how to secretly access the secret entrance to a statue in a city square.
	- Once inside, Prathana walked for miles until she discovered, and disrupted, a summoning ritual conducted by three dark sorcerers.
- After a fierce battle and brief dialogue, Prathana was mind-controlled
### Shifting Lines
- Prathana told the dark wizard that she and her "sons" killed his two lieutenants.
- The dark wizard was impressed that someone had bested them and expressed an interest in her family's skills.
- Prathana led the dark wizard to her home and broke out of his mind-control along the way.
- Upon reaching home, she woke up Dalinar and threw Alden out the window onto the back of Jericho, who understood to get out of there with an injured Alden.
- Battle broke out as the dark sorcerer summoned 5 aberrated humanoids and sent them to retrieve Prathana and Dalinar, who were still stalling inside the house.
- Prathana & Dalinar sprung into action, tumbling out of different windows, with Dalinar taking the sorcerer head-on, blanketing him in dense magical darkness to cover his approach.
- Dalinar then launched a mental assault on Eldrin.
	- To Dalinar's surprise, instead of violence, he was met with an offer for partnership.
- The air was tense and electric as Dalinar mulled over his weighty decision... and before too long he shrewdly accepted the offer. 
- Prathana, realizing that wars are not won by forcing a losing battle, submitted to the terms of this tenuous alliance.
	- As a result, her hand was branded with an arcane rune, followed by the threat *"Now there is nowhere you can go that I cannot find you in an instant."*
- Prathana and Dalinar were tasked with making good on Prathana's promise that "*three*" competent lieutenants would replace the *two* he'd lost.
### Notable Events
- The party, in a historic twist, is now working for dark forces.
- Instructed to retrieve the Pirate Captain of [[The Gemfire]]

Post Session Reflections Survey: https://forms.gle/xq2Ar1MBVmDFH5Y7A