# Session: A Pirate's Life for Me

### Enter Waterdeep
- Dalinar & Prathana perform a daytime stake out of [[The Gemfire]]
	- A row boat leaves at nightfall and returns by sunrise each day while docked
	- Pirates conversate about being on the lookout for potential "victims"
	- [[Turak]] never far from [[Alenia Jones]]
### We Need to Long Rest
- Prathana & Dalinar rest and recover at the [[Yawning Portal]]
	- They discuss possible strategies for infiltrating the ranks of the pirates
	- Pub Talk with [[Durnan]], they discover the pirates have well known interests and vices
### Mission Successfully Failed
- The plan actually goes perfect, until Prathana fires her wrist gun.
	- Pirates mobilize on the ship and are on high alert
- The heroic villain's drown Turak and drag him away from the docks to an alley off the water.
- Dalinar shapeshifts into Turak & swims back across the docks to infiltrate the ship
### [[Harpers]] Get Played Like Fiddle's
- Prathana bursts into the nearby Harper base and claims she has found the source of the rising darkness in Waterdeep!
	- She claims the pirates are responsible and are currently terrorizing [[Evernight]]!
- The Harper's mobilize! 
	- *(The pirates are quickly returning to their ships in response to the captain's order's to return*)
	- But because of Prathana's claims, the Harpers believe the pirates are fleeing a crime scene and naturally engage them.
- Prathana makes a break for the Pirate ship, slipping past several pirates who are looking for her.
### Good Boy Turak
- Dalinar/Turak, gets Alenia alone and pulls quite a bit of information out of her
	- She yearns for adventure, a ship of her own, and to show off her skills & competence outside of just being the captain's daughter
	- Mentions that her and Turak are not cursed, *like her Father*
	- Her father is obsessed with a hunt for a gem of some kind
- Dalinar/Turak tells Alenia that he found a lead about the gem.
	- He heard it's hidden in an undercroft, and he knows where it might be.
		- *At the mention of the "WeaveEaters" Alenia is intrigued &, for a moment, regards Turak as more than just a bodyguard and pet slave.*
	- She agrees to investigate this lead, and plans to sneak out with him under the cover of night

<small> Post Session Reflections Survey: [Survey](https://forms.gle/xq2Ar1MBVmDFH5Y7A)