## Session Recap
### No Rest For the Weary

After a long day, the group tries to sleep, but **Tumelo Hoover** shows up. He’s Roenn’s brother and saw you guys leaving the burning town hall. He wants you to come back to town and help him interrogate someone he captured.

- Tumelo claims he saw everything and has one of your “associates” in custody.
- You don’t trust him for a few reasons:
  - He’s working with **Cletus the Stableman** and **Roenn**, but their stories don’t add up.
  - Roenn thought he was part of a role-playing event, while Tumelo insists they’re protecting the town.
  - There’s still the **disappearance of Mayor Jaden Zaron**, and Seraph suspects Tumelo might be setting a trap to pin the destruction of the town hall and the Mayor's fate on you all.

Seraph stands firm, refusing to return unless Tumelo brings the prisoner to you. Logan and the others push back and would like to check out the prisoner, and Seraph eventually acquiesces to his friends.

### Just a Peek

You arrive at the town constabulary, but Seraph is still skeptical. He sends his pseudodragon, **Spectrum**, to sneak a peek at the prisoner. Spectrum finds... not a cell, but a locked storage room and is unable to visualize the prisoner through the door.

- Spectrum updates Seraph, who then calls Tumelo out: “Why didn’t you tell us the door was gonna be locked earlier?
- Tumelo gets defensive and says the prisoner "*might not* be tied up", which only makes things worse in Seraph's eyes.

### The Town Crier

Seraph's unstable blood boils as he threatens Tumelo for the key ." Tumelo refuses, and Seraph orders his dragons to put Tumelo to sleep, but they ***miss***. Chaos follows:

- Sorrel tries to grab Tumelo.
- Logan and Silas watch in horror as the situation spirals out of control.
- Tumelo freaks out and runs off, screaming to the town that you guys have lost it and might have committed other crimes.

### Goodbye Vesper Falls

With the town waking up, Sorrel turns invisible, and you all run back into the forest to escape the mess.
- The party seems unconcerned about rest any longer.
- Silas and Seraph wonder how their families will be affected by the town's new opinion of them.